[Identity] Fixed bug on 2.0.3 (#20444)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 2.0.4 (2022-02-18)

### Bugs Fixed

> - 2.0.3 contains a regression: Passing a client Id besides the options argument on the `ManagedIdentityCredential` would discard the options argument. We have fixed it and we have added tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression in version 2.0.3 in which providing an options bag, but _not_ a client ID, to the `ManagedIdentityCredential` constructor would discard the `options` parameter.
```

I think this description of the fix is easier to understand based on the code changes I read below.

Author: No no, the bug happens when you provide a `clientId` _and_ the options bag.

Author: You’re right!
